# Google Earth Engine (GEE) Tools
A set of functions utilizing publicly available datasets.

## createContourLines Function
Function Overview: The function createContourLines generates contour lines from a DEM and calculates the min and max elevation values within a specified region.
1. Contours are generated by creating elevation steps and converting them into vector polygons. Each contour line represents an elevation level.
2. The minimum and maximum elevation values are calculated from the contour data, allowing us to understand the elevation range within the region.
3. A sequence of contour levels is generated based on the calculated min and max elevations.
4. For each contour level, the DEM is processed to generate contour lines, which are then masked to only display the lines.
5. All individual contour lines are combined into a single image and clipped to the region of interest.
6. The contour lines and the region of interest are visualized on the map, with specified styles and centered view.
7. The function is called with specified parameters, and the results (contour lines and elevation stats) are returned.

### Install
Just copy the createContourLines code into the script window. The function expects two inputs:
1. The NASA SRTM Digital Elevation 30m dataset as an input with variable name srtm.
2. A geometry specifying the region of interest. Add your geometry variable to the `var ROI =`.
### Things to do
1. Figure out how to make the `kernalSize` dynamic with interval and zoom.
2. I'm using `maxPixels: 1e7` and `bestEffort: true` in `.reduceToVectors()`. This probably breaks at the country and continent level.
